# SealTalk

**By ChuYu Xu, YanZhi Fang, YunQing Liu, YuXin Duan, ZuXin Li.**

*Wuhan University*

## Table of contents

- [Introduction](#Introduction)
- [Stakeholder Analysis](#Stakeholder Analysis)
- [Context View](#Context-view)

## Introduction
---------------

Instant messaging is the most popular way for people to communicate on Internet,
and various kinds of instant messaging software are emerging one after another.
Service providers also provide more and more abundant communication services.
SealTalk is an open source instant messaging App based on the Rongyun Instant
Messaging SDK (IMKIt).

It aims to provide developers with IM development needs with reference
development practices, thereby reducing the time from development to online
application, and devoting more energy to the application's own business
implementation. IMKit includes two UIs: session list and session page. SealTalk
adds login UI, contact UI, discovery UI and "I" UI to provide a complete set of
instant messaging App DEMO instances.

SealTalk contains session scenarios including single chat, group chat, chat
room, discussion group and so on. Conversations between users can be
accomplished through the delivery of multiple message types. It includes
built-in message types such as text, voice, picture, location, and custom
message types such as red packets, business cards, etc. Some information about
the message, such as whether the message is sent successfully, whether the
message is read or not, will be immediately fed back to the user.

In the following section, we will take the reader through the workings and
development of SealTalk, showing our results of analysis on it. The analysis
will start by explaining about stakeholders and context view. Then in order to
have a deeper insight on SealTalk's technical side, the analysis is continued by
describing on functional view and development view. To understand SealTalk even
further, evolution perspective, which shows the process of how SealTalk develops
into what it is today, is also presented. At the end, we will have a conclusion.

## Stakeholder Analysis
-----------------------

To start off our analysis, we will look at the stakeholders involved with
SealTalk. A stakeholder is an entity of a system architecture that consists of an individual
or an organization that has importance and interest to realize a system.

### Stakeholders

**Acquirers**

RongCloud provides real-time communication cloud services. They release
SealTalk-android as a demo application for their cloud services.

**User**

As a real-time communication software, SealTalk has a very broad user base. The
user could use it as a tool for personal communication, or to send message in a
company. Notice that SealTalk\`s basic function are built for general usage,
enterprise user may need to modified their part.

**Suppliers**

SealTalk-android is built upon Java, and deployed on Android. They use Android
Studio as development environment.

**Development & Testing**

In GitHub record, most of the early commit are given by jenkinsrc and Jianli
Zhou. They are the employees of RongCloud Inc. RongCloud has assigned a group of
nearly 5 people to develop SealTalk-android.

**Competitors**

QQ and WeChat are strong competitors to SealTalk who provides similar services
and have a much wider user.

**Maintainers**

Commits that submit later are mainly given by rc-huangxiujun, an employee of
RongCloud. There is not so much fork record on GitHub, but individual developers
may customize SealTalk-android for their purpose.

### Power-interest

In the stakeholder analysis, many different actors with distinct roles, power
and interest have been analyzed. The predominant stakeholder of SealTalk is
RongCloud Inc., which has the most power and interest in this project.

RongCloud has already completed two rounds of financing:

Round A: RongCloud announced the completion of round A financing of 50 million
yuan, which was led by ZTE.

Round B: RongCloud announced the completion of the B round financing of 100
million yuan, which was invested by JinPu investment, TianXing capital and
Shanghai JiaCun investment.

Because these firms also invest in other various products, we can consider that
the investment means these companies have high power but moderate interest in
RongCloudâ€™s product, as well as seal talk, to be specific.

Since Seal Talk is built upon Java and Android Studio (based on IntelliJ IDEA),
the programming language and the developing environment can be regarded as more
powerful actors than other suppliers, but having little interest. The
developers, testers, maintainers can be places in the middle of the graph, a
little bit over the moderate grade. In addition, RongCloud has also cooperated
with some professional technology providers, which provide additional
development support. They can be classified as having not so much power and
maintaining some interest.

The two least powerful stakeholders are the individual users and the
competitors, while competitors have the highest interest. Apparently, they want
to figure out how does the Seal Talk perform, what technologies are included and
its advantages and shortcomings. Companies who use SealTalk are considered to
have more power than individual users, since the cooperation among companies
will force RongCloud to optimize their products and implement more functions,
thus providing higher services.

## Context View
---------------

### System Scope

SealTalk is an open source instant messaging Android app based on the RongCloud
Instant Messaging SDK (IMKIt), designed to provide developers with development
needs to develop development practices that reduce the time it takes for
applications to go from development to launch. Invest in the application's own
business implementation.

### External Entities

The context model of SealTalk is illustrated in Figure 1. This modeling figure
depicts SealTalk in the center, surrounded by the external entities it interacts
with.

![](https://s2.ax1x.com/2019/10/14/KS0EjS.png)

*Figure 1: External Entities*